add state change tracking (#57)
Actyx/machines: machine-runner/README.md

The third feature becomes relevant once the auction has ended: we check if our robot is indeed the winner and record that in a variable `IamWinner`, i.e. in the current application in-memory state.
Then we can use this information in all following states as well.

### Change detection on for-await loop

> When using for-await loop with the machine runner, the loop iterates only if the following criteria matches:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When using a for-await loop with the machine runner, the loop iterates only if all of the following criteria are met:
```
